---
title: Project Outputs
published_at: "2019-01-04"
updated_at: "2019-11-06"
author: Taners
tags: []
status: published
---

[BACK](../)

# {{page.title}}

by {{page.author}} |
published at {{page.published_at | date: "%Y-%m-%d"}} |
updated at {{ page.updated_at | date: "%Y-%m-%d" }}

---

## Reports / Presentations

- Be clearly written
- Involve a narrative around the data
- Discuss the creation of the analytic dataset
- Have concise conclusions
- Omit unnecessary details
- Reproducible

Reproducible reports have mechanisms under the hood to recreate the data analysis. The number of benefits of report writing in this fashion are many. They include: 
- getting the data scientist to think about the output of the process (since the code is embedded in the eventual output)
- very clear documentation that extends beyond code commenting
- automation of the report generation process and then, of course, reproducibility

The main tools for producing reproducible reports
- kntir
- ipython notebooks. 

You should create a culture of using these tools, or similar ones, in your organization, as they will dramatically improve reproducibility.

More for presentation:
- For R, there's slidify and rStudio's presenter

## Interactive Web Pages

- Good ease of use / design  
    - modern tools allow data scientists to prototype apps and interactive web pages quickly and relatively easily.

- Good documentation  
    - Good documentation is mostly effort, though the same caveats apply with design.

- Code commented  
    - is easy to return to for new employees or the original coder returning to the project after a long hiatus. 

- Code version controlled  
    - data scientists will be able to return to any checked in version of the project. 
    - The comments are useful for documenting the evolution of the project as well. 
    - Tools such as git and github make version control easy and are in the standard toolkit of data scientists.

---

{% for tag in page.tags %}
  {{ tag }}
{% endfor %}

[BACK](../)